<h4>ORBIT> Optimized Regulations and Behavior-driven Intelligent Technology for Tackling Co2 Emissions</h4>
[Ongoing Project]
As global carbon emissions continue to rise, their
environmental and health impacts require urgent attention. The
transportation sector which are significant contributors to these
emissions, pose complex challenges that traditional mitigation
strategies often fail to address due to their limited ability to
process real-world data and lack of interpretability. This paper
introduces ORBIT (Optimized Regulation and Behavior-driven
Intelligence Technology for Mitigating Carbon Emissions), an
AI-driven framework designed to tackle carbon emissions. By
combining the interpretability of symbolic reasoning with the
adaptability of machine learning models, ORBIT creates a sus-
tainable and actionable strategy for emissions management. The
framework employs symbolic reasoning to model environmental
regulations and emissions metrics, while machine learning algo-
rithms predict, optimize, and simulate outcomes across various
carbon-reduction scenarios. This integrated approach provides
actionable insights for policy-making, urban planning, and indus-
trial practices. In addition to its environmental benefits, ORBIT
highlights the critical implications of emissions on human health,
particularly in predicting pollutant exposure and mitigating
related risks. Our findings show that this approach enhances
interpretability, predictive accuracy, and transparency, helping
stakeholders understand emissions patterns, assess health im-
pacts, and align actions with sustainability and well-being goals.
This research represents a crucial step in advancing AI-driven
solutions for emissions management and bridging environmental
and health-focused decision-making for a sustainable future.


